memory, the ability to reason, knowing right from wrong. decision making, conscientious, kindness, disciplineThey need to be able to know the difference between right and wrong. They also did to know the outcomes of their choices.Robots need to anticipate the next need, based on what was said or being searched.  So anticipating a need if one faculty they need to have. Understanding slang, different accents, intention.The human mind is fascinating, and allows us to read signals, notice details, make choices based on our environment. The mind also should develop its own thoughts/feelings, and empathy for others.Morals and values constitute having a mind to me. Also, being able to think critically.Critical thinking, ethical concerns, decision makingUnique, inquisitive nature.They would need emotions and a thought process affected by those emotionsemotions, thoughtsThey need to be able to make sound judgments.knowing what is right and wrong. Making the right choice.One of the largest differences between the human mind and the processes of an artificially intelligent robot is consciousness. A "soul" is you will. AI will never likely never form a conscience.Artificial intelligence with minds like humans should be able to understand how humans think about emotions. In other words, they should be able to understand how people will behave by how they feel.A heart and a brain, emotions, feelingCompassion and the ability to fill emotionsThe ability to reason, apply past experiences to solve problems or make judgments, remember or recall data, understand subtleties in language.I think robots need emotions in order to have minds like humans, which, of course, they can't have.I think they need to be able to feel pain and emotion. They also need to laughEmotions, empathy, compassion, grief, the ability to feel and relate.I think robots need to be able to be able to weight a situation based on more than just facts. They have to be able to use reason and emotion to make moral judgments.Thinkingself awareness ability to distinguish self from other ability to read emotionsself awareness emotions self preservation the ability to distinguish "self" from "other"empathy, problem solving skills, sympathy, sense of humor, compassion, courtesy,The ability to reason, to remember, to feel and make mistakesA soul and humanityThe biggest thing a robot would need is emotions. I believe emotions are what make people human and separate from any type of artificial intelligence.Robots need faculties like reasoning, self awareness and the ability to know right from wrong.A robot would need free will and emotions.The will need to be able to understand emotionThey must be able to experience emotions like humans do and have the capable to reason based on instincts and desires.I think robots need faculties to reason, to empathize, and to comprehend human emotions. Without all of these things, they wouldn't be able to think like a human being.reasoning, logic, emotionsEntertaining an idea without accepting it. Critical thinking skills. Imagination. Complex original thought without input. Sensesreasoning, logic, emotionsThe need to feel emotions like humans and be able to generate thought in response to the emotions of othersThey need to be able to comprehend the meaning of written and spoken material, retain information, analyze conflicting information to determine what is accurate and what is not. Reasoning and thoughtfulnessFor robots to have minds like humans do, their minds would have to be able to feel emotions.The need to have cognitive ability and able to reason in a manner that a human would do. Also, the determination of being objective and subjective is crucial for what separates humans from robots.I think  that robots would need the ability to reason and feel as humans do,  characteristics such as intelligence, a wide range of emotions and knowing when it is appropriate to use them.In order to have a mind like a human, a robot would need to be able to make judgments and process emotions and feelings. The robot would need an imagination, need to have memories, and appreciation.Emotions. The ability to reason and think logically. Goals and the ability to implement them in steps.emotionsMind involves thinking and being able to relate and interact with one's surroundings.  It needs to have forward thinking as well as memories.  Use memories and thinking to solve problems.i think the robots need to have feelings and they should have neural system like materials inside them which can help them know about different feelings and give feedback and response to them.Robots need to be able to reason and think logically. They need to be able to display some type of emotions. They need to be capable of thinking about consequences.There is nothing a robot can have that would make their minds like ours.  Our minds are not just about facts and intelligence.  It is about emotion and feelings.  Robots cannot possess this.They need to have a soul. They need to have a conscience, to be able to view and make decisions based on what is moral and what is not.  They need to have free will of actions, to think for themselvesBe able to see, hear, smell, sense, move, think, create and speak- stabilize emotions, and also need to dream.Mechanical manipulation, put things togetherThe ability to feel complex emotions and come up with creative solutions. the mind needs to react and create both at the same time based on the situationA mind is something that allows you to think, feel, reason all in an independent manner. it is a force that gives free will in deciding what to do based off of judgment and reasoning - making decisionsA mind is something that encompasses the following: reasons, thinks, feels, wills, perceives, judgesI think the ability to make "moral" decisions, and not just the decision that immediately benefits the robot.A robot "mind"needs to be self-aware, and have free will. Its "thinking" must be creative and adaptable, so that responses to stimuli are not merely "instinctive", but able to be pre-planned.The biggest difference I see between robots and human minds is that robots operate on set algorithms, whereas human minds have the chance for random responses. They also need to be able to learn.The ability to make decisions based not solely on calculations and facts but on emotions and the interests of others.They need to have free will.they cannot have minds like humans have, that is a fantasy. They are just a product of if/when questions and algorithms.Emotions, logic, decision making abilities, abilities to predict what will happen next, compassion, sympathy.Compassion, logic, decisiveness, emotion, intellectThey need to know what's going on in the world.I don't that robots can ever have a mind like humans do, although they can approximate some parts including higher-level decision-making, logical reasoning, mental calculation and pattern recognition.They have to become intuit , to be able to grasp at something that may not show up in an algorithm  , to leap the "chasm" so to speakThe ability to think, reason, rationalize, remember.A mind is the ability to realize and understand reality through your perceptions. It involves a collection of connections between thoughts and ideas that allows one to understand the world and plan.To have emotions, to recognize and understand what emotions are.The ability to feel, to recognize and understand emotion.They need the faculties of both memory and learning, meaning, that decisions and choices will be based on past experiences and can change over time.Robots would somehow have to develop emotions in order to be human.I think robots would need to feel emotion, know the difference between right and wrong, and be able to have memories.Ability to learn & teach, interact with others via social skills, honing intuition to pick up on context, empathy & introspection .a lot of programming that is done by humans.Robots need to be able to synthesize previous experiences into a cohesive worldview.  It should be slightly irrational if it wants to resemble a human mind.They would need to have emotions, but then that crosses a slightly scary mind. But they would have to differentiate between right and wrong, good actions, etc in order to make judgments as humans do.They need brains.BrainsEmotions and personality characteristics. Originality and humor.deductive reasoning, sensing equipment. brain waves that think on their ownI think that robots need to be able to "think" , to constitute having a "mind". The ability to think and come up with a conclusion or answer to a question.I think robots would have to have emotions and have to have a thinking process. One of the biggest things that make us human are emotions. No matter if your male or female we all have emotions.I think they need to have the ability to reason.   They must be able to solve a problem.The ability to process information and recall it as needed and to make accurate predictions from learned information.Cognitive abilities and memory.Obviously  robots they need to be able to make rational decisions. They have to have some amount of compassion. Common sense is a necessary trait and human emotions.Autonomy Decision making capacity for emotion ability to take in information improvisationConsciousness or self awareness is needed and I don't believe a machine will ever have that. Robots don't have souls.It can never be. Humans are created by GodI think they need hearts and souls because with out that they want be human likeself awareness, emotions, personalityEmotion and the ability to learnEmotion and the ability to learnI think robots have to have emotional intelligence.A heart and a mind.To be able to make rational decisions and to be able to reason.Robots would need to be able to make independent decisions that aren't just pre-programmed responses. It needs to be fully independent without requiring input from the outside programmers or others.Have a human program it's brain mechanism like a few different human brain sThey need to be self aware and make decisions about not only how to do something but also what they want to do.  They need to be able to imagine things and understand a story well enough to continue.Robots need to have the ability to process information and compare it to what is morally correct to make decisions. Some of the robots will decide on their own not to follow the moral norm while otherintelligence,honesty,caring,hardworking,loving,Logical reasoning, emotional concepts. Empathy and sympathy are necessary as well. The ability to learn and adapt without being prompted to at first. Adaptation.Human minds can compute just like a turing machine but have an additional quantum method that consciousness arose from. If you're talking about the latter robots would need that as well.Free will, and the ability to think.introspection, a sense of the world around itself, a sense that it exists, ability to abstract, ability to step outside of boundless conceptsability to make their own choices and know right from wrongMain would be the ability of the mind to reflect upon itself.Free will, reasoning, creative thinking.Larger networks that they can 'think' in. More computing power.empathy, sympathy, understanding,  compassionThe ability to think creatively. The ability to make intuitive leaps. The ability to create and not just perceive.The ability to have empathy or compassion for some one or something. They also need to be able to take two completely opposite things and combine them into one usable thing. Peanut butter and jelly?1. Self-awareness  2. Will  3. EmotionsThey will need feelings,morals,emotion, the ability to weigh out a situation and come up with the very best (human) solution.They need to be able to make a choice. They need to have a decision space. That decision space will allow them to change their inner content. Being able to change is a big part of consciousness. ThatThe ability to empathize and connect with like beings whether other robots or humans.  The ability to make decisions such as if then.They need to have decision space. They need to have the ability to choose something. That is it.a conscience that can tell the difference between right and wrong, good and bad.rationality, logical sequencing, empathyThe ability to think things out and make decisions based on the variables in a situation. The mind has to comprehend all the factors around it in every situation and make decisions based on thatMemory or the ability to reference things that happened in the past. The ability to consider the future almost a calculation of certain elements equals this future possibility.Emotion, critical thinking, and morality.Reflection combined with self awareness I think. I think it will happen, but not in our lifetimes.They would need emotions in order to have minds like a human. They would need to be sympathetic in some instances, while unsympathetic in others. They would need to know basic morals as all people doIn addition to what it has now like calculation, it won't be human until it can create original ideas.i think a brain, feelings, and consciousness make the aspects of a mindcompassion, ability to love, ability to have experience with procreationHAVING THE ABILITY TO MAKE OWN DECISIONS.Robots need to have a prefrontal cortex basically. THey need faculties that enable autonomous thinking and learning. TO be fully capable of having a mind, they would need all the aspects that prove.Awareness of its surroundings, ability to communicate, ability to plan ahead, a moral compass to direct right and wrong.Creativity is the key faculty.judging right from wrong is an important ability, and shows that you have a mind.Understanding, recognition, memory, emotion.